Stop
Where did the kid dare to spoil my good deeds?
Sister, are you alright?
Miss is fine
Don't make trouble
Boy who are you
Dare to provoke me
Chief of Security Section, I think you are tired of living
The head of the security section knows the law and violates the law
bully
I think you are tired of living
Xiao Yan, your sister stole something
Chief of the Security Section, this is impartial law enforcement
You want to fight the law without compensation
Li Jiaoer, I just spared you.
How dare you frame me here?
Sister forgive me
What are you?
If it weren't for you pretending to be the Dragon King Zhao family
How could it be checked by the king?
I saw the hand at a glance
The monstrous ghost is so clear
You can be planted in my hands today
I let you come and go